3 Jan - 

1. While on influencer profile videos, option to see map 
should be available. But while seeing the map the option to 
visit to Outlet profile should not be present. Option to view 
influencer profile should be present and should bring back the 
user to influencer profile. 

2. While viewing outlet profile videos, option to see 
influencer profile should not be present. Option to see 
map should be present. User should be able to press the 
view outlet profile button here to go back to the outlet profile


22 Dec - 

   // Mobile number input screen

   Code authentication screen, when user have the code they 
   can access the app  - Done

   1. When you go to influencer profile, and interact 
   with videos a little longer eg. Like, then dislike, 
   then write a comment and the repeat and then when 
   you go back to the influencer profile by clicking back, 
   the video continues to play and doesn't stop. 
   - This doesn't seems to happen in my device

   2.If I switch from a video X and then come back to 
   it then the video X should play from the begining. 
   Now it plays from were I left it.

   3. need influencer profile pic and name on liked videos. - Done

   4.log out option is a very thoughtful addition 
   from your end. But let us keep it at the top of 
   liked video play list. - Done

   5. Sometimes, all videos go blank. 
   I am not sure what is triggering it. 
   It happens very rarely. I will test the app more.

   6. Add more influencers, outlets and videos.

   7. Black bar at the bottom



20 Dec - 

1.
    OTP is unreliable. Let’s not authenticate user with that. 
    Let’s authentic with Google account and let’s then show otp 
    verification page afterwards. 
    On the bottom of the page we can have a small skip button.

2.  
    But even with that, there needs to be an option to manually enter OTP

3. - Done
    Influencer name and pic should be present on video, from influencer profile 
    and liked videos. Though they should be inaccessible.  

Bugs:

1. Done
    No matter which video is clicked on the influencer’s profile, 
    it always starts from the 1st video. 

2. Done
    Liking/ unliking any video from influencer profile is causing the 
    influencer profile videos to break. They first get still and then they go blank.

3. The video is not adjusting to bigger screen size. 
There’s a black bar at the bottom  








19 Dec -
 Firebase Otp - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W19IfZ-nqB8





15 Dec -

1. Fix the map screen and make it more intereactive
2. Add app icon
3. Make it ios ready
4. Add animation in heart icon to make it more intereactive

5.The problem is even when you let go the upper video
the bottom video remains stuck.
